Created for high-tech industry content and departments
Created for industry.
Manuals, catalogues, technical specifications, spare part details, equipment labels, packaging, websites, software interface. 
Manuals, catalogues, technical specifications, spare part details, equipment labels, packaging, websites, software interface.Technical documentation department, Customer service, Marketing, Legal, Research & Development. Both local and international offices. All of them can now be joined into a single translation system.
The Framework centralises translations across companies, so that no content is ever translated or paid for twice in different departments or subsidiaries. It smartly reuses the already translated content through translation memory and terminology repositories, enabling better translation quality in less time.
Different translation providers in one place
We have learned that no single company is the same when it comes to its translation needs. Some companies do translations internally while some prefer to outsource it. Although the Framework is ideal for translations done within the company (by internal translators or someone who is just bilingual), it still allows much more than that.
Translation Framework also gives companies a direct access to verified freelance translators or translation agencies, in case the company would like them to do the translation. Needless to say, the translation is still sent, done, and received within the Framework (to protect confidentiality of data as well as for reusing it during future translations). Tools required for professional translation are available in the Framework for free, which allows freelancers and agencies to focus only on getting the translations right.
Created for major publishing formats
High-tech companies create truly complex products, often accompanied by equally complex content (manuals, catalogues, technical specifications, to name only a few). The Framework fully supports the major formats used for publishing content, and simplifies their translation and proofreading. No matter whether the content is in XML, HTML, IDML or Microsoft Office formats, our file filters process the content seamlessly.
To make the translation processes in companies even simpler, we have enabled the CMS integration of the Framework via API.
Easy to try, easy to implement
Translation Framework is cloud-based, and thus extremely simple to try out and implement. Unlike other translation systems, the Framework can be used immediately after a simple registration form has been filled in. There are no complicated installation or server maintenance procedures. The free version is available to everyone, allowing the access to all Framework features for testing purposes.
Even if your company is already using another translation system, we recommend you contact us nevertheless. We can demonstrate how our system is able to offer much more for only a fraction of the price - we are confident we can say this without even knowing which system you are using.
Feel free to check our Clients section and see how our existing high-tech clients use the Framework to meet their translation needs.